README.md, before:

# Quartz Open Access OJS plugin

This is the official [Quartz OA](https://quartz.to) plugin to enable micropayments to your Open Access journals.


## Build Plugin

Download submodule:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Copy and update config file:

```
cp Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json.example Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json
```

Then, update `Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json` file with the ILP Wallet account and PayPal account email information.

To build the plugin, run:

``` bash
npm install --prefix Quartz-platform
PUBLIC_URL="../../plugins/blocks/quartzOA/build/" npm --prefix Quartz-platform run build
rm -r QuartzOAPlugin/build/*
rsync -a Quartz-platform/build/* QuartzOAPlugin/build/
sed -i '1s/^/{literal}/' QuartzOAPlugin/build/index.html
sed -i -e '$a{/literal}' QuartzOAPlugin/build/index.html
```

Then, compress as `.tar.gz`file QuartzOA directory, and the plugin is ready to be installed, enabled and added to the side bar of your OJS journal:

```
tar -czvf QuartzOAPlugin.tar.gz QuartzOAPlugin
```

Commit message:

Add link to install instructions wiki page

README.md, after:

# Quartz Open Access OJS plugin

This is the official [Quartz OA](https://quartz.to) plugin to enable micropayments to your Open Access journals.

## Install Plugin

To install the plugin follow these [Install Instructions](https://github.com/DecentralizedScience/QuartzOA-OJS-Plugin/wiki/Install-Quartz-OA-OJS-Plugin).

## Build Plugin

Download submodule:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Copy and update config file:

```
cp Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json.example Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json
```

Then, update `Quartz-platform/src/components/config.json` file with the ILP Wallet account and PayPal account email information.

To build the plugin, run:

``` bash
npm install --prefix Quartz-platform
PUBLIC_URL="../../plugins/blocks/quartzOA/build/" npm --prefix Quartz-platform run build
rm -r QuartzOAPlugin/build/*
rsync -a Quartz-platform/build/* QuartzOAPlugin/build/
sed -i '1s/^/{literal}/' QuartzOAPlugin/build/index.html
sed -i -e '$a{/literal}' QuartzOAPlugin/build/index.html
```

Then, compress as `.tar.gz`file QuartzOA directory, and the plugin is ready to be installed, enabled and added to the side bar of your OJS journal:

```
tar -czvf QuartzOAPlugin.tar.gz QuartzOAPlugin
```
